today is September 23 in the street plus 9
degrees and i'm part of the bees
here here here outside the sword with white paint
in each spoon tried to mark
several bees and see how fast
but they will go deep that is how often they
are changing now
11 o'clock in the afternoon
about girls, I'll tag
but it turns out that way
Tears remain good for now
the sword, and have a little stir
more active than bees and before that sat
practically without movement
I would like to mark more bees
extreme streets since they are the hardest
go to the center
it's not easy they started moving
and even some kind of thick paint
sticks ok ok enough 16 hours
of the day I see in this street
bee sword and on sits in the koran streets
the bees are somehow quite active such
thicken
touching the bees they are so cute
from where did the holy paint shift
Here at this street I look bees so easily
moves
head creeps out from deep inside
here forward that is not so tight
sit but chela
labeled with white here I have not seen it now
that is, this and this
pay attention see how they sit
abdomen bees
here outward head inward
quite interesting in all the streets is
location yet talked saw still
one village
here we have a white tag sitting here too
on the edge here is some amount of bees so
and
hanging from the edge of the 7:00 pm weather
so it was non-flying well, that's a bee like
sat like that here and sits but this is white
shut down and here she is
here
white dot too this remains here
sit so I would say what's wrong and
they change quickly but these are like
were sitting
friends outside and sit like this
observation turned out